From the cozy confines of the Starburns Industries recording booth, Harmontown is now in session.
Put your hands together for Steve Levy, everybody, and the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
All right. Thank you for waiting. Can I get a little more of my favorite person in my headphones?
Is that possible to hear myself better? You want more of me?
I tried to dance around it, but it's me. Thank you for waiting if you're a subscriber and you're
watching. Sorry, if it came up late, it was my fault. I got here late. And also, you know,
here's some apologies. We'll just start with the show with apologies, because this is like our
second really official week doing this out of here. We did one week where it was like
church was running around with a camera. This is our second week of like, all right, here we go.
We're broadcasting from this booth. So it's, you know, it's lit like a preschool, you know,
and we're gonna try to make it a little prettier. We'll try to come up with a system where we're
starting right at eight so that you, the subscribers can at least be gaining things from this transitional
period. Like, okay, at least I know it's on time now that there's no audience. Who knows if you
like the audience more or hate the audience and are so happy that we're doing this, but in any case,
like, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're in progress, like we're gonna keep on like evolving this.
Is the castle going to be a thing again? Is that gonna get back online?
Like, yeah, we are currently as active as as human beings possibly could be in trying to
legitimize that space. It's a bunch of city hall stuff. Burbank is a city where, you know,
parrots are wild. They have wild parrots in Burbank. It's a, it's a crazy town. You can still
walk in off the street into a vacuum cleaner repair shop. Those are my favorite.
It's a, it's an old world community underneath a frozen chocolate shell of,
of antiquity and provinciality. And they saw 900 millennials on a sidewalk at, you know,
late at night and they freaked out. And I'm not saying they, they, well,
also we were in violation of a thousand codes that we didn't know we were in violation.
Chilly John's runs unhindered. That place just, just deals in diarrhea and yet they,
they're allowed to funk in freely. So there's a whole process and maybe we can,
I don't know, people with a little NPR of us, but maybe we can make it part of the,
maybe we can do like remote pieces where we have Nolan like check in with us,
basically his full-time job because he used to eat what he killed in terms of booking the room.
Now, now he's just a man without a country. So we're paying him as much as we can to make his
job to like get the venue legitimized. So he's like having to interact with city hall people
and, and he's got to go to meetings and things. We should be documenting that. Is it possible
for us to take like a little zoom and go out there and, and like podcast from city hall
where we're, where we're trying to clear this crap up? A zoom and Microsoft zoom?
A Microsoft zoom. Now what's the little recording thing? A zoom, a zoom. I just hadn't heard the
word zoom in a while. I don't know what they're called. I like that we have churches hanging
out in the booth with us. Yeah, I like it too. Hello church. So yeah. Church is wearing her,
what can only be described as matrix trash bag outfit.
And as long as we're, we're, we're shining a spotlight on some of the, uh, like, like,
Nolan's out there hitting the hard, sweaty streets of Burbank, dodging wild parrots,
trying to get our permits back. And, uh, you know, let's, let's doff our cap to Kris Boruff, who,
you know, we're, we're, we're crammed into Burbank's largest,
Harmon owned, uh, VO booth. When I, when we were building the studio,
the room that we're sitting in right now was, uh, was full of like boxes of, uh,
social security numbers and inspirational posters from a failed tax, uh, company. And
there was literally a guy in the, in the corner of the room with the last phone plugged into the
wall, no desk standing and basically saying, um, yeah, I got to call you back into the phone
next to a garbage bin full of everyone's taxes. I mean, if you were nefarious, if you were a dumpster
diver, you could have walked out of this place with like, it would have been like an Equifax on a
very low scale because probably a bunch of Burbank business owners, uh, social security numbers.
But anyways, this place was a pile of garbage we built. And I said, let's build a booth, uh,
you know, the partners at star burns were like, all right, and we started talking specs. And I
was like, guys, one of these days we're going to be podcasting out of this thing, make it big,
still not big enough to podcast out of comfortably. I mean, not make it look cool.
And Chris is therefore, my point is Chris, Chris is a hero right now.
This is the same size as Howard Stern's little.
Well, I think, I don't think that's true. I think, you know how it is like in TV, it's like
whenever, um, uh, and I'm sure you at home, you know how this works when they build a set for your
TV show. Uh, it's like, it always looks way too big. You know, you always go like, oh,
the show about poor people, why is their house so big? And then like, then the DP always says,
trust me, it's going to look like confined. I think that the Howard Stern room is probably
twice the size of it. No, it's, it's the cameras make it look bigger because have you ever seen
the wheel of fortune, the actual physical wheel? It's tiny. It's, it's like, it's like five feet
across. It looks 20 feet across. But if you, like, like everything on TV, the Jeopardy set is
like as big as this room, but you put four cameras in there and you get some angles going
and it looks giant. It's all bullshit. Well, I mean, you're kind of implying that Chris is doing
a bad job because it's like, if it looks cramped in here, then you're saying it's on him. I've not
seen it on camera, but we don't have the same kind of, we don't have Jeopardy cameras in here.
We've got also our, uh, I think bottoming off our list of apologies. Like last week,
I think, I think we were like, I was in a full on blackout, not so much from drunkenness, but
just from like, uh, man shame. Um, I didn't hear the show, but you told me a little bit about it.
Uh, but, but, and I didn't watch it and I'm afraid to listen to it, but I, but what I do
know is that apparently our faces were behind the microphones the entire time. Like, I think
that people by and large are like, Hey, I like it. I'm a person that listens to the podcast.
I, I, I wasn't getting as much, maybe they're getting something indirectly out of the 200
people in the audience, but then there's other things to be gained from our ability to focus
and things. I'm sure it's a mixed bag. I'm sure it's a mixed bag, Aunt Natalie, but you're subscribers
so we take you very seriously. Uh, did you solve, uh, sexism and, uh, and sexual assault last week?
And I didn't set out to what I, I don't, I don't know what I said. I talked for two hours trying
to convince people I was a good person, but my important, the important thing that I wanted
to talk about that week was it's time for guys to be having those conversations with guys and
with each other, with each other and with themselves. And, and, and it's, and, and maybe, and, and the
guys and, and then, and then having said that, I wanted to confine things to expressing my own
self to, to set an example. And I don't want to say, well, guys are like this and girls are like
that, but I'm sure I said a bunch of that. But like what I, what I wanted to do was say like,
okay, from now on, the rule is we speak for ourselves. Um, you know, and, and so I wanted to
just say like, that's where I'm at. Consciousness has been upheaved. Um, that's good. You have to
aerate soil, you have to, uh, chisel the ice when you clean the freezer, tightly packed things that
you don't have to think about. They're flawed things. Whether your revolution is racial,
class based, gender based, whatever it is, however, one man, a million man, non binary march,
any, whatever, whatever the movement is, I think it's all, as my therapist said, it can all be
summed up as consciousness, examining unconsciousness and saying you need to be examined. You can't,
you can't keep ruling from beneath. And as a, I'm sure I'm saying stuff that I already said
last week, but as a writer, I celebrate the unconscious. I was always like the, oh, I'm the
grimy monster. I'm going to teach you that the things that you don't think about are more important
than the things that you do think about. And you're being dishonest with yourself, but
narcissism is out. It's not fashionable anymore. Oh no. Yeah. I was just getting good at it. And
like, because it's okay to be a big baby, it's okay, but you got it. But now I think the new rule is
okay, but don't like, don't just brag about it and be like, okay, I'm going to do nothing about
this. Like, otherwise, I feel like a fossil. Well, yeah, I mean, we're dinosaurs, like,
like we're not even that old, but, but our way of thinking is just not going to do it anymore.
Like we, we're not allowed to skate by on the, the presumption that what we say goes, because
that was never a cool presumption in the first place. But now it's, we, we have to adjust. We,
we must adjust. We must, we must, we must adjust our bust. The bigger, the better, the tighter,
the sweater. Hey, can I, can I do a little house cleaning and talk about an issue that I don't
know the answer to? Okay. We're sitting here holding some beautiful glassware made by Jane Cook,
one of our solid lifelong harmonians. And yet I've, it's been brought to my attention that she
has now left the fold that she's boycotting us or what's happening? I know what you know.
I don't know anything. I don't, yeah, I don't know. Was it because of last week? Because of your,
I don't know. I don't know. I would find that hard to believe. I don't think so. I think it's
possible. She tested me today and said that she was at the library bar in New York and wished I
was there. And so that, I mean, it's, it's not like she's mad at me. Maybe she's just mad at you
or a Harmontown or. Is it definitive? Is it, is it safe to say she's mad? I don't know. I don't,
I don't know if it is. What, what, what do we know? Like, I tell you what I know. I got a text
from her saying that she was going to stop listening to the show, stop kind of following it.
Like, but she didn't characterize it as, as a, like, as a complaint. But we're used to processing
the announcement that you're going to sever connection with something as punitive. But
I don't, also then the question would be, well, then what would you do if you wanted to be healthy?
You know, an honorable discharge. What would you, what would you do? I, you know, she's in a
unique position because most people have the luxury of, uh, they can just stop listening to
podcasts. We asked, we asked her tonight to come from New York to be on the show. She declined.
She didn't have the guts to show up and defend herself. I think when you look at it from her
perspective, I'm gonna, I'm gonna speak as objectively as possible without any speculation
of her subjective, uh, experience. But I would say as somebody, it's pretty easily observable that
she was very entrenched with the listenership. She was, she was basically running a kind of
unofficial slash official, emotionally official, uh, Facebook page, Facebook group of, of, of
listeners and all these things that like, like when you're that, when you're that, when you're
listening is that active, then you're, then you're, then something that for the rest of us can just
be, eh, forget Game of Thrones. It has to be an announcement. Yeah. I mean, but like, I've always
thought it's kind of like a sign of, uh, emotional maturity and awesomeness when our, when our,
our regular people stopped coming. Like NT doesn't go to the show anymore. Once in a while, maybe,
but, but a lot of people just go to the drawing room while we're doing this.
That's their Harmontown now is being at the bar. Some people, yeah, they fill up their little cup.
Who was the Russian guy? What was his name? Anatoly. Yeah. Anatoly used to come. He was, you know,
it's like, and then like, if you're immature, you go like, oh, so you just wanted attention and now
that you're not like a special audience member, now you're just gonna bail. But it's like, there's a
positive way of saying that, which is, oh, you were like a friend of the show and like, you
experienced the show on a higher level. But also like, like, if, if I went to five Grateful Dead
concerts, I could go, I've seen enough Grateful Dead concerts. And if you were, but if the Grateful
Dead brought you up on stage for three of the concerts and, and you therefore had a Twitter
account where people were like asking you Grateful Dead questions, then when you decided not to go
to a Grateful Dead concert, you might have to announce, I'm moving on. I'm not going to be
listening to the Grateful Dead anymore. I will not be at the next concert. And then someone might go,
is he mad? But the answer might be not really. From talking to Nolan, who I guess has been around
the meltdown for so long, it seems like there were like classes, like groups of people who,
who came to Harmontown seeking out like-minded people. And they like, became really close
friends and they would go every week and then eventually like graduated from the program. And
then like every, I feel like it was like every year he said, like there would be a new group of
people that would come in and get the first row of chairs. And then they would all become friends.
And then they would move on. And like, we, if you go back through the years, you know, you
definitely see like- Well, Kevin Day just, just sent me some posts. There was the
Jane, like Giff of the Harmontown sticker being taken off the car. Right. And then
then Jane said, enough of Harmontown nonsense. Time to find some new nonsense. Hashtag
Harmon frown. Hashtag moving on. Harmon frown. Okay. Well, some negative connotation.
Harmon frown. All right. Well, Jane, if you're listening, first of all, busted.
But, and second of all, as we're learning from so many of our, our sisters,
um, step, you got to step forward, speak up and say what happened to you so that it can be addressed.
We can't, we can't, if something bad happened, um, and you want us to talk about it,
then the first step is you got to, you can't, you can't communicate with animated gifts.
The fact that she was texting me friendly like today makes me think that there's no,
no harm done or like no sour, you know, apples. But, um, also leaving Harmontown isn't a bad thing.
Like, like you, there's no reason why you should always listen to this. I think, I think saying
Harmon frown is a bad thing. Harmon frown. Yeah. You got to turn that Harmon frown upside down.
All right. Because P is yellow and poop is brown. Uh, yeah. On the off chance that the
offense was a lack of attention, um, we are now participating in an unhealthy syndrome. So let's
move on. All right. Uh, what else is going on? How's Spencer's new car? I wish he was here to
talk about it, but I'm curious to hear your thoughts about it. Uh, Spencer got a Honda CRV.
And it's, yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't really have anything to say about it. I mean,
if Spencer was here, it'd be funny to talk about it. Didn't he already have one or he'd afford
something rather, right? He had a, what was that thing? It was, it was as iconic as the mystery
machine. It was just so Spencer. I don't even know this. I don't know. It was purple and it was,
and it was, you know, it was infused with pot. When you get, when you get your, your,
because you've been talking to Dan, sometimes you talk about how rich you are. And then lately
you've been saying that you're, you're broke or pretty broke, but then you're going to get this
Rick and Morty fortune that's coming. I'll be rich. I will soon be rich. I might even, like,
I'll make a pitch and I might even help you out on this one because I want this to be a thing.
Can we get Spencer like, like a mystery machine? Like, can we get him an airbrushed, like Ford
O'Connor line van with bubble windows and vikings and dragons. Why are we, why is there, why are
you campaigning to get the guy who just got a brand new car? I'm saying we could step up his,
we could step up that Spencer game a little bit. What about stepping up my game? He just,
Levy just got an Audi. Then now Spencer's got a CRV. Spencer drives me to work every day. I have
no car. I got a bicycle. But you don't want a car. I don't, I don't need one. I do want one. You
don't, you do. I need my next car to be a Tesla, which I cannot afford. So I'm waiting.
Why don't we, didn't you meet Elon Musk or what's his name? Yeah, but I wanted to be
different and not ask him for a Tesla. Okay, here's my new pitch. Since you're,
since your buddy is with the scientific famous people, have him make you a hybrid van or an
electronic like e-van? I mean, somebody suggested that I ask Elon, my friend, first name basis,
to make me a dedicated hyperloop from my home to work. That makes sense. What's a hyperloop?
It's a, it's a, it's an imaginary L train for rich people. That you just go zip zip. It's super
fast. Just from like, it's one of his many dreams. Right. Because I always said like,
I, the only reason people want to live up in the hills and the Hollywood Hills, you know,
but like, what if you forgot your wallet? You got to drive all the way back up there. It's a
nightmare. But if you did live up there and you were like Drew Carey money or, you know,
Sam Simon money, you're up living at the top of Mulholland Drive, you get a zipline to the three
places that you like to go. Did we talk, did we talk about this once? Or ski lifts? No, you
fucking have a system of ski lifts where you just get in a chair and go to wherever your job is,
go back to like, up to your house. Little Dom's drawing room. You have a, you have a, like a
four ski lift system. Every boy you get, you get, you get a number of ziplines that are proportional
to your financial bandwidth, contribution to society, whatever metric you want to promote.
And then, and so I'm a five zipliner. So I get five. It's like having a fast travel. If I, if I,
if I just had a slow ski lift from the drawing room to back to my place, that would be worth
its weight in gold. Well, kind of what you're talking about. Would you die though? Huh? Because
you just be drinking all the time. I do it anyway. I'm still here. But I might die in a lift going
back and forth. Also, there's like liquor in our houses. We're grown men. Yeah. Like we're not.
I don't really have intervention. I almost never have actual liquor in my place. Once in a while,
like if it's a gift, I like to go out to drink. Well, yeah, I don't drink, I don't drink at home
unless I'm with someone else. Right. We talked about the ziplines. It was years ago as our
UCB show in New York when we were doing the Great Minds pilot. Oh. And you guys were on
Absooth and Spencer was back when Jane was our friend. Yeah. Yeah. The zip. Yeah. Yeah. I know
we talked about the zipline thing was it was it was a podcast episode. But I'm upgrading zipline
to ski lift because I don't want to have to do like hold on to shit. Why don't you just get
why don't you just be like the old lady in gremlins and take a take a fancy stair chair lift
the stair. We'll just make Los Angeles like the Winchester mansion and where those stairs go.
They don't really go anywhere. That's just when Jeff needs to get to Glendale.
But it's but I just got a bike, which is kind of like a kind of like the healthy version. You
looked really good on that. I'll tell you what, man, from where we live, if you take a if you get
on the bike and go down to Sunset Junction, which is what we did. And I had a then you're fucked.
You got to go uphill. I know. But I'm saying like the zipline, you'd be fucked too. That's why
ski lifts ski lift one direction. Yeah. It was a great to create a wonderful experience. I was
like, I can't believe what if you had one direction, the band actually just carry you like on a
litter. You just like Schrab now. Just connecting dots. If you really had money and you could afford
at some point, everyone has their price. You could get one direction to carry you like on
their shoulders to places if you really, really had the dough. I don't know why you would do that.
I worked with them once. Yeah. On iCarly. All right. Yeah, they only showed up for a shoot day.
So I was a stand in for, I believe it was Zane. And I had to learn their song and it was before
they got big, like in the United States. And so like during run throughs, I'd have to sing that
song in front of all the Nick execs. Can you give us a little piece of it? Give me a little bit.
Church, what has that song go that that's what makes you beautiful? It's like the,
what's the hook? Nope. All right. It was like, that's what makes you beautiful. I don't remember
the, I don't remember the words. I honestly don't. I try to forget. I don't even know what anyone's
talking about because I'm just thinking about Elon Musk is beautiful, tall, worked out, masculine,
intelligent frame. What was it good in those pictures? What was the circumstance that you
guys met each other? I leave town for four days and you're hanging out with Elon Musk.
Yeah. I thought, you know, I, he's got, he's got kids and those kids are at that Rick and Morty age.
Griffin and, or wait, no, wait, I don't know if his kids, I don't know. Griffin? Well, you don't
name your kid Griffin. It's a fucking horrible monster. You're not fucking with my friends,
children. Wait, the Griffin isn't that horrifying. Well, I stopped myself. I don't know. I don't
know what the rule is with Billionaires. If their kids' names aren't public or something.
I'm kidding. I pretend I'm kidding. Strike his name from, I don't know. Did I dox one of his kids
or something? Is that actually his name or are you just like, through a name? No, it's not.
His daughter Chimera, his son Gorgon. I don't know what the rules are with people's kids.
You know, like Adam Savage had a, I was hanging out with him and his kid at Comic-Con. I took a
picture of him. I tweeted it. And then a lot of Adam Savage fans that know him better were like,
he doesn't, his kid is not, his kid is off limits. He doesn't want people tweeting pictures and
his kid is actually a myth. So I put the, so I took the picture down and Adam texted me and said,
yeah, but he just turned 18. He's his own man now. He'd love, he'd love for you to,
so my point is everybody's got their own rules, you know, like which, and who are we too. So then
I caught myself. I'm like, I don't know if my friend Elon Musk, my new best friend. I can only
speak for myself. He's my new best friend. I can't like name his kids. How did you guys, because
of Rick and Morty? Okay. Here's the story. McMahon, he tweeted at the Rick and Morty account,
I believe, responding to something McMahon had written. And then they had like a fun
conversation about simulations back and forth. And then his assistant reached out to us to set
up. So now we're in contact with his assistant. And I think, you know, I didn't want to push,
I didn't want to smother. I was thinking like, be a, be a delicate, cool dude, sit down, have some
chicken with him. Talk to him about a couple of things. Justin did the voice for the kids.
Did you mean just, is a new toddler daughter, Medusa? Come on.
Ignoring. I'm not going to let you threaten my new friendship. You two are going to get along.
I'm jealous. I want to, I met Adam Savage through you and I was very excited. And he was walking
around Comic Con in New York with a Neanderthal, Neanderthal femur, which is hard to say. He had
a femur with him. Just a leg. And he was saying it was going to be part of his costume. But he
wasn't wearing the costume. He was carrying it around like a beat stick. But he's famous for
these like incredible costumes that are so extreme that you can't tell it's Adam Savage.
Doesn't our friend Ryan Nagata make some of that shit for him? Like the space outfits and stuff?
I didn't know that, but I'm not. I think he does. He made like a full on NASA space outfit.
I think they call them space outfits. But I'm going to give it, I'm going to give it a couple
weeks. Let it cool. You know, not to play these like red pill dating rules, but you know, not seem
desperate. Then we reach out to the assistant. Would Elon like to come on Harvintown? Just have
a chat. Oh, okay. He seems like, I don't know, I don't know how available he is. But in the
answer, if the answer is, oh no, he does podcasts all the time. Then I'm like, all right, final,
will he do ours too? But if the answer is, he never does them. He never does them. Then I'm like,
okay, cool, but maybe he'll do ours. Because then I've beaten Merit.
And you know we do. I've beaten Merit. Because, because, because presidents are just schmucks,
the four year parasites, billionaire philanthropist effect. This guy's a historical figure. It's
like having Howard Hughes on your show. Yeah, it's like Einstein. It's like having Howard Hughes on
your show. And it's like having Howard Hughes on Howard Hughes's show. Dan is pointing at himself
with two thumbs right now. In case you didn't want to spend $5 on this. What am I if not the
Elon Musk of stupid people, you know? Like I like, it's like, it would be a historical event for
him to come on the show and have a chat. And from the brief little, you know, conversations I had
with him, I just think it would be a really fun conversation because a couple things that I'm
really stoked about. My new friend, he likes all the same video games I do. He's like so into like
the Bethesda stuff, the fallout and stuff. He even just talking to him about Fallout 4 made me
want to go play Fallout 4 again. And also, I really, without over sharing, because I want him to know
when it gets back to him, you know, being friends with Dan Harmon isn't going to put you at risk of
any over, what do you call it, leaking, over sharing, over, you know, he's not going to Chevy
Chase you, you know? He's a very private guy. You can have a very discreet friendship with your
new friend, Dan Harmon. How does he know that you're not going to Chevy Chase him?
That's what I'm saying. I was using the verb Chevy Chase to mean what I did to Chevy, which is
like air, like, like, like play his voicemail. I got you. Ilan can leave me a voicemail saying
like, oh, so I don't really, um, am I having trouble with this mountain, mountain digging
machine? I just need your help. And I know you play a lot of Minecraft. And I'll like call,
I'm not going to tell the audience, oh, guess what's going on? Like, because that'll ruin it,
you know? He's a, but, but, uh, so what was my point? Oh, without, without over, uh, sharing,
I just want to say about my new best friend, Ilan Musk, that I really liked one thing about
him in particular, from an emotional, like spiritual perspective is like, during the
conversation, we briefly touched on an area of where he was like, he was, he was explaining,
there was a, there was a guy, basically he didn't like, there was a guy whose point of view he
didn't write. He thought was, uh, as he called it, very dangerous. We were talking about the AI
thing. And then he was talking about the guy. And I really liked the fact that he was like,
like simultaneously, totally adamant. No, totally adamant about, uh, uh, like how this guy is like
so, so his thinking is so dangerous. And he's, but also like, he never called the guy an idiot.
He didn't like dismiss him because the guy is dangerous. Like he, you know, it's like that cool
kind of like, he was like a general, like observing, like, you know, this guy has got a lot of popular
thoughts about this, the direction of this technology. And that guy is like, he's a dangerous
thinker. And when he, when he kind of enumerated the things that were dangerous about this person,
he was all rooted in honesty. He was like, he was like, this guy's good at this, this, this,
and that. And all of those things that have in common, they're all, they're all about deception.
They're all about manipulation. Like, and I really, you know, that's, that's why we're going to be
like fucking capital B, capital F, capital Fs. It's because we were like, you know, and, and,
but, but like, it'll be like you, me and, you know, big, big, big fat fuckers.
You're gonna get along with him. I'm jealous. I want to meet him.
Well, you, you go like, don't fucking up again. You're, you're making, you're making it sound
like you're going to steal Elon Musk away from the world and you guys are going to go live on a
little beach together. No, no, no, no. You would, you want to. I was reading this article, he just,
so Tesla's have the automated driving systems and apparently insurance companies hike up
premiums on Tesla's. So they created their own and like ensure they've done it internationally,
but are now starting to do it. They paired up with Liberty Mutual, I think, to offer
cheaper insurance because self-driving cars are, I guess, statistically safer than regular cars.
So the insurance premium shouldn't be raised. They should be lowered. And as our society moves
closer and closer to having all self-driving cars, it's going to, the insurance companies are going
to take a massive hit because drivers will be much safer. They'll be all automated.
Is it Liberty, is it Liberty insurance that there's always some assholes sitting having a
coffee in front of the statue of Liberty? Yeah. And they say some really dumb stuff.
You just bought a car and then you drove it into a tree. But guess what? That wasn't the smartest
thing you ever did. And now they want to know, it's like, fuck you. Like, I'm just trying to watch
news. Insurance has to be one of the, yeah. That's like the dorsal fin on the shark of
capitalism. Like, it's like, no, that's not a good metaphor because the dorsal fin just warns
you that it's there. It's like, it's the ridge on the Rhodesian ridgeback. It's where it hits
its worst, isn't it? You go from just regular capitalism, which is arguably like, look,
it's going to happen anyway. People are going to trade favors. They're going to trade boots for
chickens. So when we really knuckled down and said, look, let's create poker chips and we can
like, but then you go from that to banking, which is, oh, I'll watch your money while you're gone.
And can I give your money to other people, but only theoretically, and then when I hold it,
they hold it, and then you hold it, hold it, and then I ensure the holdings and then without
like, okay, it starts to get really sketchy. Then it goes to corporations, which are like,
okay, well, this isn't really a person. This is just a company. It's a group of people and it'll
actually live longer than the people that started it. And it also has an interest in
politically. But the real height of it all, the biggest evil of all is where it's indistinguishable
from organized crime. When people are coming to your home and saying, it would be a pity for
something to happen to this fucking house, wouldn't it? It would be really bad. You love your kids,
don't you? Sure would hate to see them die. Sure would, but they'd hate to see you die.
Hate to see you break your kneecaps at Liberty Mutual. Like, when you get your kneecaps broken,
your kids don't have to, you know, starve to death. Yeah, just give me $200 a month and I'll
make sure that the inevitable doesn't happen. And it really, I mean, the worst, people think I'm
kidding when I tell this anecdote. This is like, this is now a decades old thing. I definitely
know I've talked about this before in the podcast, but whatever. I got, when I was living in my
apartment, I remember like, I was like, it was part of my, I was just like, I was like 27,
and I was like, I'm out. I'm out of society. I can't do this anymore. I got an envelope
from an insurance company in my mailbox, and there was a photo of Christopher Reeves on it,
who wasn't dead yet, who had just sustained a horrible crippling injury. And it was a photo
of him all fucked up, not as Superman, all fucked up. And, and there was a quote underneath it
that said, don't let what happened to me happen to you. Make sure you're loved. Make sure you're
insured so that you're loved. I was like, what the fucking if this was a Polaroid, you'd be a
mafioso. Like, what the fuck is going on? This is extortion. Anyways. And then you, you'd look
outside and there's a horse. Yeah, yeah. Well, it's just like, it's insane. It's like, it's like,
oh, and so you're listening and then you're gonna, you're gonna get on your little keyboard and you're
gonna go, oh, I got the donut crumbs on my face and the tears are mixing with it and it's making
me extra briny. So I'm gonna take Dan Harmon to task with my slide rule and my, because I just
like arguing with things. And if I argue with the president, he doesn't listen. So I'm gonna argue
with Dan Harmon. So you're gonna typey type type. And here's what you're gonna say. So you're gonna,
you're gonna use logic to say something about how, oh, that extreme thing that I said isn't
technically true. Well, that's fantastic. You win. You're right. I didn't do any research.
I didn't get a degree in this. I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. You proved me wrong.
But I said it. You're drinking out of a glass by somebody that doesn't even listen to our show
anymore. That's right. I'm an, I'm what they call an edge lord on Twitter. Someone signed me up for
like some, I don't know, they've been coming after me. I'm getting these letters in the mail,
like that I should reserve my, my plot in the ground and or my, like, like my ash canister
or something. Like just take care of it now so that your loved ones don't have to. And every month
I get these letters from some service in like Studio City or something. There's a picture of
like a 29 year old guy with two chicks next to him. And it's like, Dale, Dale has planned his
estate early. Like that's sexy. Like that's like a, yeah. Nothing turns on the ladies,
like a reserved urn. It's never too early. If he cares that much about his own death,
he's thinking about me. He's taking the burden off of my shoulders. I'm going to give him
the best handjob of his life. And he's going to go down on me because he's thinking about the
future. And if he dies, guess what? Everyone's a winner. Nothing, nothing. Wait, what did you say
again? Nothing turns on the ladies like a reserved urn. Yeah, you have it out there. Just have it
like, it's the first thing you see when you come into my apartment. I love the alliteration of
reserved urn. Because it's like, it's also, it sounds like, like, it sounds wormy. Reserved urn.
You know, it's like, it's like, it's nothing. It's the opposite of like, okay, so, hey, can you
hand me some of those sandbags? I'm trying to help these flood victims here. Just a moment,
I'm, I'm reserving an urn. Ooh, la la. This is stupid, but you were talking about capitalism.
What do you think in the boots versus chickens economy? What, what, what is worth more? Like,
how many boots per chicken or how many chickens per boot? Oh, I would say just going from everything
I know about nature, I learned from Minecraft, I would say boots would require a great deal of
crafting. Right. And a chicken is just, it's just running around. Okay. Yeah. You could use a chicken
to make a boot, but you're going to need a bunch of chicken. Let's say I've got a nice pair of some
labor. Let's say, no, let's say, let's say you've got a nice pair of boots that are my size. And
how many chickens do you want for those nice pair of boots that you spent a good deal of labor on?
Well, then we get into how many chickens do you have? Because it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a,
it's a seller's market. I need these boots. How many chickens are you going to make me give you?
But our chickens, how many eggs do your chickens lay? Huh? Regular amount.
Are they in an, are they in abundance? Like, you're going to fucking, I mean, what? I'm going to what?
Bend you over a barrel? Welcome to, welcome to ancient Greece. They lay the most eggs. Okay, well
good. Then that's going to lower your chicken number. Aren't you happy about that? I'm doing
you a favor. Look, I got to talk to my manager. Let's see if we can finance these boots. Look,
I got to get these boots. I got an appointment. Let's say I talk to my manager and it's like,
it's looking really good. Like your chicken rating is high because it's great because if your chickens
lay eggs, then an egg is essentially a chicken. You know? An egg just got laid while you were
having this conversation. That's great. It's a great sign. What are these boots made of? I want
to put you in a pair of boots right now. Given how many chickens do you want? Well, it's just that
these boots that you're looking at right here, these are our VIP boots. Okay. Like, I don't,
I want the best boots you have. I just want to look, I just want to put you, I just want to see
you walking out of here. I'm lousy with chickens. I don't have a chicken shortage, but here's the
thing. These are valuable to me because I can apparently trade them for all sorts of services
and goods. Yeah. Yeah. I want to see you in these boots, but here's the thing. You know,
they're going to depreciate in value. Okay. As soon as you walk off the lot. Right. And they're
made to your foot. And I don't care about the resale value of these boots. I just need boots
to last me through the year. Let me just put, let me just put you in a pair of boots that's
in your, within your, your, your bracket. Because you're, you're in my chicken range.
You don't have the chicken credit to like have these other boots that you are looking at.
Okay. Two chickens. These boots here. I'll give you, I'll give you two chickens for these boots.
Oh, if you're going to give us two chickens, I can show you the two chicken boots.
I'm, look, again, I have an appointment. How many chickens do you want for these boots? Because
the more I look at them, oh, I just tried one on. These are, these are lovely. Yeah, they should
be. Those are 17 chicken boots. Whoa. Okay. Well, that's, that explains the comfort.
I take off that boot and I go, it's nice almost doing business with you. And I leave with my
18 chickens. That's not going to happen. That's not going to happen. I, I, I, I get on my,
in this story, do we have cell phone technology yet? Or do I get on my cell phone and I say,
Siri, where, where can they get a nice pair of boots for eight chickens? And, and Siri says,
I'm playing Phil Collins in the air tonight. That never works. Okay. I come back and look,
I am in a hurry. I'll give you 10 chickens. I'll give you 10 right now. 10 chickens,
10 chickens, eight for these 17 chicken boots. Yeah. But I'll walk out with them right now. I'm
a size 14. These are size 14. But the odds of someone else walking in here with size 14 feet
and has 17 chickens to give you? Sir, I think you got the wrong idea about the chicken cave,
a boot cave. Like, we're not, we're not hagglers. What you do here is we provide a service. We try
to put people that don't have boots into boots and it costs a certain amount to create those boots.
And we just, we're essentially like a co-op. All right. So you hide, you hide balled me at 17.
I lobald you at 10. Let's do business here. I disagree. I mean, you're looking at it from
that perspective. I'm just looking at it from a guy that's like, if you have 10 chickens to spend,
I can show you the 10 chicken boots. There's another egg. Another egg just came out. I mean,
these chickens are just, they're egg factories. Can I, can I- Do you know what eggs are?
Future chickens. Yeah, I don't. Yes, they're not. That's why they were part of your credit rating.
Yes, yes. I want like fecund chicken. They're fecund as fuck. Fecund AF chicken.
I have, have you considered, before we go any further, like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put you in
a pair of 10 chicken boots. Don't want your 10 chicken boots. But I want you to-
You can't walk me back from 17 chicken boots to 10 chicken boots. So the 10 chicken boots aren't
good enough for you, but that's the amount of chickens you want to give for 17 chicken boots?
I think, I think you're trying to rip me off here. Well, that's insane. That's a projection
that you came into this cave with. I'm saying, look, this is a big city. I, there's, there's
ether boot makers out here. And I, and some people like to do business. It's a loose knit,
a network of caves in a world cell phone. If you think the next thing I'm gonna say is here,
how about 14 chickens? You're out of your fucking mind. You started at 17. I went to 10. Now you
make another offer. Have you even experienced me going up or down on any of my offers? As far as
you know, I'm monolithic in my chicken boot. Well, like monoliths. I haven't hangled with you, sir.
I'm not a dishonest person. Well, a monolithic business model is not a, is not a viable one.
It's, you have to be able to move. Maybe, maybe what you're interested in is tiny boots for your
chickens. They're over here in the women's section. Oh, see, now you're being, now that you, I don't
know what you got from that, sir. I'm just trying to help you. Really? We have a wonderful
section over here for all the women. So women, women, women wear tiny chicken boots. No, they just
like to dress the chickens. You know, it's a more affordable hobby. It kills the time. I, now I
don't want, as you know, women, I want these boots less and less one. Now that I know your
politics. Oh, sir, I, my, my only politics are a, a bootless foot. And that women hating.
It, no, sir, no. Diminished women. Okay, okay. We love women. How about 17 chickens? Who the
fuck is this guy? This is Andre. Oh, Jesus Christ. Hey, I'm Andre. Hi, Andre. Hi. Look,
I'm trying to get these boots. 17 seems high. 17 seems like a lot of chickens. Then buy the 10
chicken boots. I don't want the 10 chicken boots. They look like shit. Shouldn't have even put them
out. Look, I wouldn't pay 10 chicken, 10 chickens for those 10 chicken boots. Right. You'd probably
pay four chickens for 10 chicken boots. I get your, I get your gist, sir. You're someone that
thinks that they're entitled to more. Do you know what, do you, do you, have you ever raised a
chicken? Do you know what it, what it takes? Do you know that the amount of, amount of care, TLC,
husbandry goes into proper chicken raising? No, sir. Another egg, another egg. You're already
down three chickens right now, by the way. If I walk out here right now, you just have three more
chickens. These are all fertilized eggs popping out of my chickens right now. Oh, I see what you're
saying. Yeah. The longer we talk about this, the less chickens you're getting. Okay. I'm not giving
you these fertilized eggs and 17 chickens. How about this? What about this? 10 chickens, three eggs.
But you got to raise the eggs. You got to, you have to incubate and take care of those young
baby chicks. That's not a service you provide people that have eggs. People don't come to you
with eggs. Sir, I'm here for boots. Well, if I'm getting into the business of chicken, egg owning.
How about this? Okay, look, you give me an idea. What if you and I go into business together?
It's kind of an anarcho-syndicalist idea. You, you give me some boots. Occasionally,
you get all the chickens you want. You get eggs when you need them. Together, we corner a society
that is basically boot and chicken-based. Yes. There's like, and we stop this idea that boots
and chickens are worth more or less than it should. We enter the idea that power
is for sale. See, now again, we own it. Well, you're making it, this seems more fun.
Wait, you drew me out into it. I thought you were... No, I'm talking about, I'm talking about
mutual benefits, like, you know, like, like, you know... Yeah, yeah, I like that too. You don't
like power? I'm gonna go down to another bootstrap. Look, if you have power, you can use it to create
communism, like, don't you want power? I can do lots of things with power. How long do you open?
I'm gonna go check out a couple bootchops and maybe I'll come back. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. Andre,
you're not helping. What else you got besides chickens? Andre, what are you doing this afternoon?
I'm working. 10 chickens says you're my new assistant.
What the... You're gonna give me 10 chickens to be your assistant?
How about this? I'm gonna give you 10 chickens just to have lunch with me and hear me out.
What? The fuck you could have had? That means I could buy the 10 chicken boots?
Motherfucker, I'm made of chickens. I'm just a businessman. You don't get this many chickens
given 17 chickens. We have every boot manufacturer you walk by. I like Andre. I like your style.
You got a deal. I'll have lunch with you for 10 chickens. Okay. Andre, after he's done peacocking
at this lunch and you come back because there's nothing substantial about the game he's running,
you don't have a job. Well, that's okay because then I'm gonna use the chickens to raise more
chickens and then I'm gonna buy those 17 chicken boots. Andre, what have I always told you?
What have I told you? Words don't cover your feet. Okay? He's doing nothing. He's got a pile
of chickens. We don't even know they're his. Go, go, go to lunch. Good luck. I swear to God,
man. When you come back, you are not working at this chicken cave. I'm gonna have a chicken empire
and then I'm gonna buy your entire store with my chicken empire. Later at lunch, listen Andre,
okay. Here's the thing. Okay. It's not about chickens. What's it about? What it about? It's
about trust. There's like three cavemen playing. Cavemen? Bach. I assume this is kind of like a
caveman. I know, but we have so- You said I had so- Well, because I didn't want to
deny. All right, yeah. But there's like a quartet of cavemen violinists because it's a fancy cave.
It's a fancy cave where you took them to lunch. It's like Sparrow's or- Okay, Sparrow's, Sparkey's.
It's Sardis. We're at Sardis. I've flown you to New York and we're off Broadway.
We're at Sparrow's. Yeah, we just saw Hello Dolly with Bitt Middler and we're across the street
and it's four cavemen playing violin. Listen Andre. Yes. I'm not gonna be alive much longer.
Oh geez. Yes, I have a rare disease that the doctors don't think I really have much longer to
live, but I have to leave these chickens to somebody and I just have the sneaking feeling
that you're a business acumen. Hey guys, I give each caveman a chicken to fuck off.
She just ate the chickens raw. More garlic stuffed olives. I mean, Andre, I've got,
I'm up to here with chickens. I've got all the chickens, but you can't take them with you.
I can't. You know, I'm saying I can't take my chickens with me. I gotta leave a legacy.
I gotta leave a legacy is what I'm saying. Well, what disease do you have? It's, I have
Crohn's. It's not funny. I wouldn't laugh because Crohn's is funny. There's people listening
that have Crohn's. That's not why I was laughing. It's terrible. It's laughing in the tone of his
voice. He decided he had Crohn's. I think your boss is the kind of person that finds my Crohn's
disease hilarious and he's a bad person. Crohn's is really rough. My best friend is Crohn's.
He's always in pain. It ain't no fun. They cut like feet out of his intestines. Hi, how are you
guys? Hello, Amber. Hi, welcome to Spaniards. Sardis. Sardis. Would you like to hear some of
our specials? Sure. Okay, we have a Fungili Piazza with extra mushrooms that's grilled over an
octopus salad and braised in a simmering version A. We'll take two of those. We'll take two of those. Okay.
There's more. There's also a, there's also a freeze. The Fungili sounds fantastic. Okay,
all right. Two of those then and I'll, can I hook you up with any drinks or do you,
you guys good with your coffees? Do you have pizza? We have a flatbread?
Is that pizza? It's a Portobello flatbread. It's done with artisan flatbread, flatbread,
out of flatbread, served with flat pieces of bread and Portobello. Put olives on it.
We have, we have, we have suko, which is a Japanese olive substitute. It's basically the same.
We'll take two of those. Okay. And then, do you want that on the side or do you want that as a
top of nod on your angelica? Yes, the latter. Okay. All right. Thank you. I'll be right back.
Thank you, Amber. Oh, I dropped my pen. It's getting it off the floor. I pick up the pen and I
notice it has the same, it says boot cave on it. You're a, you're a fucking spy, aren't you, Amber?
Boot grappling, shoelace grapple. Do this cave skylight. Chickens unite. Out from my,
the valise I brought with me, 17 chickens get out and form a giant chicken Voltron
and, and, and attack Amber the waitress. Well, we fight and I die. Right. But nobly.
But also a lot of the chickens die. And then I wonder, you know what, at what price, boots?
You could, yeah. Back at the boot cave, I'm just looking at a photo of my daughter
who left me with her mother because I was too focused on my boots and I'm hearing their voices
say, if you ever get your head on straight, I'll be waiting for you.
Did she become a waitress at Sardis? Or is this a different person?
Yes. And you can say no. You can say no. Yes or no question. Well, then I go. Yeah,
no, I, I, and I, and I also, I crumbled the photo and I burst into flames because my boots,
the special expensive flint boots that I made that are the sort of crowning achievement of my
boot obsessed workaholic lifestyle that cost me my wife and daughter. I, while I'm fidgeting,
like, because I'm thinking about packing and going to finally abandon the boot business and be with
my wife and kids and the flint that my boots are made out of sparks, sets all the boot materials
on fire, the whole place bursts into flames because there was no fire permit because like,
you know, Andre is working on that. And I just die. I just, it just pulls back from my cave and
I'm just dying and I'm dying. And then right as you die, I made the right decision. You did.
And then you, right as you die, Andre comes back and sees the building on fire and he's wearing
boots made of chickens, but like the nicest chicken boots of all time. And he's the master of both
worlds. Well, our guest tonight on Harmontown has been waiting for a really long time. I just
remembered we have a guest. Oh, I forgot. Oh, yeah. Let's bring him in. Yeah. Let's bring in,
big fans of the podcast will, will, will remember this guy for sure because he directed the
documentary that I produced about myself. I always have to say it in that voice.
But it was his movie. He directed it. It's Neil Berkeley. Yeah. Can I move this a little bit?
Yeah. Move it however you want. Oh, wow. Good to be here.
I'm starting to feel like I should have worn a great t-shirt to this affair.
I want to point out at the top because I'm getting self-conscious. The reason Neil's a guest
isn't because he made a documentary about me. It's because that's how I know him. And I, and
that's how I know he made a documentary recently about Gilbert Godfried, who also fans of the
podcast will know. But fans of comedy will, will definitely know. So yeah, you just did basically,
I mean, well, well, well, well, did you do the same thing with Gilbert that you did with me?
Yeah, I just started showing up at his house every day. Like I moved to New York and just started
living there. I'd go to his house every day at nine o'clock while he's having his coffee and I
wore him down and finally got him to open up. But yeah, I just sort of like became part of his
life and followed him around and went to like 15 different cities in Mexico and Toronto.
How comfortable was he with you becoming part of his life?
He hated it. For the first two months, he hated it. He was one of those guys that he doesn't
really say no to anything. If you put something in front of him, he just does it, whatever it is.
And his wife said, come over and try this. I would do it every day. And he never even dropped
the character. Like he was in the voice. You met him when he's not in character. Well, I would
go over there and he would talk like that in his eyes and squint. Yeah, he would do it. And then
finally, I was just going over every day and he stopped doing it. Oh, really? That's really
interesting. He doesn't, you know, you've met him. It'd be very awkward to be around.
Yeah. I mean, that sounds a little more critical than I would say it. But you're a director,
you're not an empath. But I mean, I find it fascinating. I mean, it was his, because I mean,
yeah, like I grew up on Gilbert Godfried. Like, he, you know, he does that character. And, you
know, but it's not quite like, it's like we're friends with Bob Goldthwaite, who would get on
stage in the same era of comedy, where it was like, stand up, it's so popular, you had to have a
fucking accordion or a hammer for a hat or, and there were some really funny stand-ups who,
like, but it was like, look, you got to have this like character to give like, but then there's
these guys, it's like, it's like, so emo Phillips, you know, is he doing a character? I've never had
a conversation with him where he didn't kind of sound like the way he sounds on stage. And,
and Bob Goldthwaite, there's an easy definitive line, but you only know it from talking to Bob.
Bob owns that line and says, when I was doing that performance, I did that act. That's not me. I
am now me as a, you know, you rely on him because otherwise you would listen to Bob and you would
go, oh, you just made that sound that Bob, that screechy Bobcat Goldthwaite makes, like he makes,
he does still, because how much of it is like, is, is, is, well, this is how I talk, you know,
like, sometimes when I get on stage and I have to say something difficult, like I find like, I'll,
like, like, like, I'll cover my eyes or like, I'll just engage in these like really arch behaviors
that I know that if I step on the gas there and it's like, okay, well, then you can get through
the nervousness. So I, I, you're not shocked to learn that I brought you on and then did all the
talking, but this is what, this is what I imagined we would get to this eventually, but now we're
like right into it. My question off of what Dan's saying is when he dropped the Gilbert character,
what was he like? Like, like, what was the difference between the on character and off character?
Well, most of the, he wasn't like performing, he did do for a long time, he would do like canned
lines, like he would do, it was like being on a talk show with him, you know, people go on talk
shows and they've got these canned lines and they know we're going to get reactions. It was a lot
of that, but eventually he started talking to me about his mom, he was very close to his mom,
lived with her till he was almost 40, devastated when she passed away. His sister is a photographer,
she actually shot the whole process of her mother's very sad death. I talked to Gilbert about that
and talked to his sister about that, talked about his father, his father died when he was 19, he had
a horrible relationship with his father. What kind, I mean, first of all, what was the, let's
start with the dad, what were the, why was it horrible? Horrible, horrible in that he was,
he's one of those dads that was like becoming an electrician, get a job, Gilbert quit school when he
was 15 and started doing comedy immediately and he would leave every night to do comedy all night
and his dad just didn't get it and there were arguments and fights and then when his dad died,
Gilbert, Gilbert says a lot of pain about his dad not seeing his success, which every comic
I talked to. That would fucking kill me. Yeah, like I got, I don't know what I'll have, Erin,
my ex-wife, a star of our documentary, she would always say to me and I know she's right,
like whenever I would say like anything about my family who, like my parents didn't come to my
wedding, I still don't know why, I won't ask them, like what is it? And then Erin's like,
why won't you ask them why they're not coming to your wedding? I go, because that's what they want
and she's like, you're fucked up, they're fucked up. And when your dad, because she lost her mom
when she was 17 and she's like, and when your parents die, you're going to be super fucked up
about it and you're going to make it, everyone else's problem and you need to deal with it,
like I'm making her sound, I think I'm making her sound like a hero, but if you're, if that's
to you making her sound like a bad person, believe me, she's not, like, like she was saying it,
you know, she was like, she was telling it like it is as a person who had a, a parent pass and
it's, it's sorry to derail you, but, but like, I just, I'm imagining that, like, because like,
what I do have with my dad was a moment where my dad said that he was proud of me and that, and
that he, and that he, he observed like, it was, it was way back in the channel 101 days, we got a
VH1 pilot and that was enough, we had a, my dad said, like, we were having a celebration party
because we got our show on VH1 and there was just, there was a bunch of people in a bar
celebrating because we had done channel 101, we had followed our bliss, we had done it for free and
now we had a television show and my dad, like, expressed to my satisfaction emotionally, like,
is like, I arrived, like, my dad was like, there's a lot of people in there that are very happy
because of you, and that makes me very proud of you, and I was like, okay, cool, your hotel's
down the street, ran, ran, it's like, burst into a thousand tears and then, so I'm done, now I know
I'm gonna be all fucked up if my dad dies, but I just wanted to interject that because the idea of
being 19, which I was also like, aimlessly, by any objective, anyone that was watching me would go
like, what is your fucking plan? What are you doing? You're not that funny. Why are you interested
in comedy? Like, like, if my dad died at that time, I, I can't even imagine. All right, now continue.
No, no, that, I talked to a lot of comics about that and every comic I talked to, they were all
like, yeah, most of us are up there performing for our mothers. We're trying to impress someone
that we couldn't impress in the home, and we're trying to do this thing so we can go,
look what I did, look at me on TV, and like, Artie Lange's died before he became successful,
and Jay Leno's mother, like, they all expressed real sadness about their parents not being able
to see that. Yeah. Is this in your films? I'm sad to say I still haven't seen it. Yeah, it is. Yeah,
Jay Leno, who has this real heartfelt, sincere moment where he says, to me, that's the saddest
thing. Because, because Gilbert's really beloved by other comics. Oh yeah, big time. Yeah, there's a
lot of pressure, like Jeff Ross and David Tell, and I think Howie Mandel, at the end of their
interview, said some version of, don't screw this up. We love this guy. I asked you, I think,
when you had just started making it about the, there's a story that comics tell about the greatest
opener of all time, about the, the, the Jonestown massacre. Did you ever ask him if that was,
like, verify that story? Yeah, the Jonestown massacre story. I forget the bit, but yeah,
he has a famous Jonestown. Because I remember, like, I think Drew Carey told it to me, or,
or other comics know about it, and it's like the most famous opener of all time. And it was like,
one of those things where, when a horrible tragedy happens, the day or two after that,
it's hard to go up on stage and do comedy, and audiences don't know if they're allowed to laugh
at anything, or as a comic, you don't know if you ought to be making people laugh.
That's a big part of the story, yeah. And so, but isn't, isn't the film, by the way?
That joke? Yeah. No. Because I remember, can I, can I do my bad version of it? I'm sure it's,
I'm sure I'm fucking it up because it's, you know, this is something that was told to me long
time ago. But he was, I think at the Film War, and he's like, oh, the Film War in San Francisco,
what a great place. I grew up here, which I don't think he did. And I get, I'm probably making up
a lot of the details. And he said, I saw Janice Joplin here when I was a kid, and I ended up meeting
her. I became friends with Janice Joplin. I was with her when she died. She died in my arms.
I held her in my arms as she died. So to be here at the Film War is amazing. I saw Jimi Hendrix
here, became friends with Jimi Hendrix. I was with him when he died, held him in my arms,
in my arms as he died. I just got back from Johnstown, and boy are my arms tired.
And it was like the day or two after the Johnstown brothers. I want to know how
close am I to getting that right? That's it. That's the joke. The one Bill Burr told me,
he saw him do it, and I think it was right after Jackie O'Nazis died. He said, I met Jackie O'Nazis
once. First thing I said to her was, do you remember where you were when?
When David Tells and whoever else you interviewed, you mentioned a couple names,
like I love these guys, and they know Gilbert better than I do. I had one encounter with him
because of your relationship with him. He came and did my show, whatever, put a pin in that.
But when those guys would get up from the end of their interviews and say,
don't fuck this up, we love this guy, do they go into more detail than that?
What is it about Gilbert in the eyes of all these other craftsmen that makes him a hero?
I would always ask that question, what is it about this guy? And they would always just say
fearless. I don't know if he's fearless, he just doesn't have any line, doesn't have any boundaries.
He just says whatever he thinks is funny, and they love him for that.
But because he looks scared, and he looks like a weakling kind of,
he doesn't look like a tough guy, the fact that that body language is so fearless.
Was it a film or a special, or did he just tell dirty jokes? He just said joke jokes?
Yeah, well the happens to act as a joke. He hasn't changed his acting in 30 years.
He tells Molly Ringwald jokes.
When I was a kid, I saw a stand-up special, who knows, in a max, I don't know what network it was.
But he did this set, and I didn't know at the time, I believe now looking back on it,
that he must have been doing Seinfeld. But he did a set, and then he would do his set for a while,
and then he would take these little pauses, and then finish a joke and go,
and that's what I want shoes for. And then the audience is laughing, and he'd stop,
and then he'd just change his tenor and go, why do you want to talk about that?
What are you doing shoe jokes for? Seinfeld impressions are amazing.
That's actually in the movie. There's a clip of him, where he puts glasses on,
it's like a Jim Gaffigan aside thing. That's crazy, that's nonsense.
Well, is that his Seinfeld impression, or am I just merging those things in my head?
Because at the time, I kind of hope it wasn't, because I thought it was genius,
just as a lateral thing. That it was sort of like Kevin Meany's, his inner monologue about his mom,
I was just like, I love it. You're like a crazy person.
Yeah, they're doing comics and just like, because I do that too, and also Dana Carvey,
when I was doing the Great Minds episode with him, where he was doing JFK,
because I had mentioned Dennis Miller's impression of him, Carvey was like,
no matter what he did for the next six hours, then he would just follow it up with this horrible
criticism of himself in the voice of Dennis Miller. He'd just riff a take,
because it's a largely improvised show, and then they'd say, okay, cut, let's do it again,
and then if you're like, Jesus, Carvey, why don't you, and he would just lay into himself
under his breath. Anyway, there's just something really important about that, because Justin
Reiland is like, it's Rick and it's Morty. It's like, it's-
I asked him about that character. He wouldn't ever cop to it, because it wasn't interesting in the
story, because he wouldn't ever say- Maybe it's his dad.
I was like, is that your mom or your dad? Is that someone in your past talking to you like that?
And he would say, no, I just thought it was funny, it's a bit, it's what I do,
but other comics have mentioned that. Like, Piscopo brought that up. Piscopo was like,
he would do this on stage, and I think it was his mom berating him or yelling at him.
I think I was like, it's a very- Where's he from, Chicago?
Brooklyn, Nigh. Born in Coney Island, grew up in Brooklyn.
I also, like, Schrab really does that really well too. Like, Schrab's inner monologue is like-
And you're not sure if it's his mom or his mom slash dad slash pastor slash gym teacher, but it's like-
But he'll do it in front of you. Like, he'll talk as his inner monologue.
Yeah, he- I asked him about the voice and all that, and it's- I wish there was a more satisfying
answer, and it's in the movie, and he says, look, I just went up on stage a billion times,
and eventually I woke up and said, oh, I guess I act like that now. So that's just kind of-
He's just became- What is-
The Seinfeld thing is actually a lot of comics brought this up.
So before Seinfeld, like, became the Seinfeld, we know, like, before The Tonight Show,
Gilbert, people say that Gilbert invented the Seinfeld impression, because he would go on stage
before Seinfeld and do his act, do Seinfeld's act as Seinfeld. And they said Seinfeld would,
all the comics would come out to watch, and he would pace and just furious, like,
what is that? What's he doing? Who? Who wears sweaters? Why do you wear sweaters?
Yeah, he told that, he said that when he did it, when he comp-trolled for us when we were on some
tour show. I can't believe I missed that.
Well, he was replacing you. Yeah, I know, that's a chili bummer.
Yeah, but he was, I mean, now, having put a pin in this, I mean, that was my one encounter with
him, was like, I didn't know what to expect, I didn't know what Gilbert Gottfried would be,
who'd only ever seen him in performance. And when he showed up, and he was just, like, very,
like, God, I really don't want to use the word frail, but now that I've said I don't want to use
it, like, now it's in your head, but it's like, it was just, he was so, like, he was like, he was
almost in hibernation. Well, like, he was just like, sort of like, shuffling, and it wasn't,
a lot of that, it wasn't being passive aggressive, he wasn't like, why am I here? You know, he was
totally, like, down to do whatever was required of him. He was just, like, this person that was
just like, he was just shuffling in with his wife, who was very, like, sort of like, like,
kind of almost translating for him, and going like, where should Gilbert go? What do you want
from him? And what do you stuff? And he was just very, like, what do you want? I can't remember
what he sounded like, but I would go like, oh, you just go out there, and you're just sitting
in a chair, and I explain, I was like, okay, all right, okay, yeah, yeah. And I was, and I was
thinking, like, what's he gonna sound like when he goes out there? Right, yeah. And then he went
out there, and people, like, went crazy, and then he kind of, like, stepped on the gas of, like,
milking, how people were going crazy. And then it's just like, ladies and gentlemen,
Harmontown, and I was like, holy shit, Gilbert Godfrey's here. But that's a reaction a lot of
people have, and I remember that, I guess that's what I meant by awkward, like, when you do meet
him offstage, especially if he's about to perform and has to deliver, like, I've gotten phone calls
from people that I've set up for him to do stuff, and they'll call and go, hey, man, is he okay?
Is he, does he not want to be here? Is he upset? Like, he's, because he's very quiet, and he would
not be upset if I said this, because people that watch the movie, the way he is physically with
people, like, anyone with any sort of like, spectrum-y stuff in their family have all said,
there might be a little bit of that going on, because he's very quiet. You know, I tell you,
because, well, don't people say that about Daryl Hammond? Like, that, like, I've never met him
in person, but like, that that's like, and then Dan Aykroyd, who has been diagnosed and said,
I'm autistic, like, it's not like, I mean, people get confused, I think, with performers, because
performance is like, it's like, it's a natural human occurrence. So we have this delineation
where we go, oh, you're performing as opposed to being real. But what, but no, there's no such thing
as a human interaction that's not a performance, we are a political animal, and people who are on
the spectrum, like, the reason why it's impossible to diagnose them without seven years of pointless,
like, tail-chasing, whereas you can just look at a kid and go, boom, autistic, not autistic, next.
Once you get to a certain age, you, it's the capacity for performance is so extreme that
that person doesn't know who they are. All they know is they don't want to get beaten up, like,
just just leave me alone, like, just let me or give me whatever, like, what do I have to do? Do
I have to talk like this? Do I have to talk like this? Do I have to talk like that? Do you talk
like this? I talk like that, like, like, like, there's, there's like, there's like, like, like,
functional autism, like, seems to be a big thing in, like, great impressionists, and like,
like, it's, and so that, that comes to mind because it's like, that there wouldn't be no
delineation with him, unlike with Bobcat, who doesn't have, like, a bunch of autistic traits.
Bobcat is just like, yeah, I'm just this guy, and I, I kind of got into this scene, and then I
stepped on the gas pedal doing this character, and then, and then that started to really punish
my life. So I lifted, I got sick of it, and by Police Academy nine was like, becoming self-sabotaging
and like, pulled out and like, pursued my bliss, you know, he, but then you have, like, so again,
Emo Phillips, like, Gottfried, Daryl Hammond, I hope it's not rude to refer to these people as if
they're like some egg basket of people that I'm implying. I met Emo, like, I did a show with him,
and, you know, like, he's Emo, like, like, I, I, I get the feeling from my limited interaction
with him, it's like, after the show, he's like, hey, Jeff, you know, did I do a good job? And so
kind, yeah, I was like, oh, thank you so much. I didn't know what I did was funny enough.
But he's talking it away. Did he try and do it without that for a while? Didn't, I thought he
did another version of his act, it was a little more. So here's the funny thing, if Emo Phillips
tries to do that, like, that's another version of a bit that he can do. Maria Bamford does the
same thing. Like, like, like, she has this bit where she goes like, well, should I talk like
that? Like, and then Maria Bamford will just like, like, become her impression of what I would,
what I'm going to say, a neurotypical person. I don't know what Maria, you know,
claims to have or doesn't have, but like, I'm just saying like, like, like she, when she does an
impression of, of a normal person, it's so funny. And then like, that's also like Gilbert Godford,
like in his act, like pausing over that guy, no, why would you do that joke? And then he like,
and it's so it's also unsettling, because it's like, it, well, I hate to hate, you know, like,
like, my fans are sick of hearing me, the pick the peekaboo thing, but that's like, that's comedy.
It's like, it's like the idea that you can't tell the difference, the idea that there is no
difference. Like that's, that's what Neil was like, after how long were you around him, like in
close quarters? That's seven months. And what was your relationship? Like, how did it, you said
how it started, and then you got it broke through? What's it like now? Or what, what kind of steps
did you go through with him? It's fun. I think he like, came up with a routine to be around me,
like he came up with a behavior around me, like he behaves a certain way. We're friendly, we get
along. We can, it's not like awkward like it was in the beginning. Does he enjoy promoting the film?
Or he loves it. He loves doing press. He loves, he loves, he would love, he loves doing stuff like
this. He'll complain about it. But once he's in there, he lights up and has a great time. Yeah.
Yeah. He's going, yeah, he's going. Did he, does he talk about like, does he feel more alive when
he's performing than, I mean, when? No, we talked about the movie. He's, he hates, he hates it.
He said the worst 30 seconds of my life for the 30 seconds before I go on stage. He wishes the
manager would come out and say, Hey, there was a flood. Here's your check. Go home. Wait, but so,
well, that's, but that's not quite, that's the 30 seconds before. But then he gets on stage and
he's okay. Yeah. Then he adrenaline hits him and he lights up. Right. Okay. I mean, that's, that's,
that's the thing that I like some of the comics I know is that they're maniacs before they're on
stage and on stage that mania is their bliss. Yeah. Does he ever, did he talk about like,
because does he remember his time on stage? Does he like black out? No, he, not in the movie,
doesn't talk about it, but he did tell me that there's times where he thinks he's more thinking
about like, whether he has to do laundry that night. Like it's so wrote for him. Like he's like,
you know, like, like Jagger can probably go on stage and do his act and not even think about
what lyrics he's screaming out. Like he, he's that, he's that into it. Like,
Well, I'm bummed I haven't seen it, but where can we see it now? Is it like, where is it out?
Yeah, it's going to, and November 3rd, it's going to be at IFC Center in New York City,
where we opened up Harmontown. Has it had any like festival? Yeah, it was, it's
premiered at Tribe Backets and a few festivals and November 10th, it's going to be in LA at the
Fine Art, Lemley Fine Art in Wilshire and the Lemley Monica in Santa Monica. I mean, I, I really
want to see it in the theater. I know that we're friends and like you've offered to like, send
me the file and watch it or, or if you have, I was out of town and didn't know, but like,
I'm such a fan of Gilbert's that I'm really looking forward to just seeing,
uh, also, I like, you know, not, not to blow smoke up you, like, I like the fact that you,
your weird fetish is finding strange lifestyles and then documenting them.
Yeah, well, that's, beauty is embarrassing. It's so gorgeous. And you know,
Yeah, you've got this trilogy now of amazing people.
But no, I mean, I can speak from experience because as we talk about, like, you're definitely
not, there's all these different documentary philosophies. Errol Morris might say,
no, I don't, there's no such thing as truth. I just want to tell a story. I, it's like,
I'll shoot extra footage. I don't, the, the, the, the, the measly brothers or whatever the
fuck they were. I'm not a documentary. Masal. Yeah. Right. There's, I saw a documentary about
documentary masters and it was like, I was amazed to realize like, holy shit, yeah,
documentary does not just mean roll the camera and what happens happens. You, however,
they made salesmen, right? Yeah, yeah. Like that's first Academy Award. Yeah.
That's kind of like a little close to what you do. I would say like, you follow around
lonely people and it's, it's beautiful and also no, no seasoning, no lauries, no salt.
Like they, they gather footage and then they piece it together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
That's, well, that's the, that's the thing that's tragic and like you told me that we
asked you, say, hey man, this Gilbert thing is a good idea. And you're like, I don't know.
Not sure there's gonna be much of a story there. You were right. It was really hard.
But there's not, there's not really a story. He was like, you thought I was hard.
There's not really a story to Harmontown. Well, yeah. Like, yeah, that's probably what it was,
is we're coming off of like, I would have thought a year before, or before we did our time together,
I would have thought fucking a make a documentary out about me. Obviously, that's what I thought.
Yeah. But then again, and then again, I was like, yeah.
If there is any story, like, like in terms of like story structure to it, it's almost,
the story becomes more about the audience than us. Yeah. And Spencer, his old journey.
Spencer goes on a journey and the audience is like, we learn something about what draws
Harmonians to the show. Yeah. And that like every time I watch the Harmontown movie,
it's like, I tear up at the beautiful things that our guests say.
I watched a movie again recently for this thing I was doing. I'm very proud of that movie. I really,
I really, not to toot my horn, but I'm really proud of the way it came together. And I remember
when you got your job back, you said, got some news for you, give me a call or something. I
saw you and you go, you're welcome for your third act. Yeah. At least your credit bed. No,
the credit bed was putting Spencer on the show. Yeah. But yeah. And it was McGathey who said,
just, I mean, we're struggling so much. You were like editing and editing and editing and like,
and then I remember it was, yeah, it was McGathey was like, tell him to make it about Spencer,
you fucking idiots, you know, like, because it was great photo that like the first day that
I was with you shooting. And I fuck, who's the camera guys? Ryan Ryan. Yeah. And we were at
Dan's house and Dan and Aaron were kind of in a little bit of a tiff. And there's this shot.
I just picked up my camera and I have a picture of you with your camera and Dan just
like glowering at his kitchen at the dining room table and Aaron, Aaron looking miserable.
I'm like, oh fuck, that was day one of Harmon's. Let's all get in the bus and go around the country
together. One of the first days was actually in this booth. He brought me in here when it was full
of those taxes and there were like notary machines, the note those things that make the notary,
the stamps that was in the way of footage of that. And then after the tour, the day we got back,
you're standing right there. And he said, you're like talking to the camera and said,
yes, some day we'll be podcasting. We started the tour outside.
Yeah, you have footage. I forgot. I didn't even connect that. I wasn't saying that for your benefit,
but I remember you have footage. And I said, I was in that doorway and I said, one of the douchiest,
like talk about Edgelord. But I remember saying in the doorway there, I was like,
yeah, Sony always thought they knew more about writing than me. Let's see if I can run a studio
better or something like that. I'm like, oh, great. What a douche. And day one, our driver,
Jason, we had this awesome tour bus outside. That's the tour bus in the movie. Jason's kind
of underrepresented in that film, I think. He's kind of in it, right? Yeah, he's not really in it.
He kind of, he got really good at dodging the cameras. Yeah, he was hilarious and he was a maniac.
And he was like a Hunter S. Thompson character. That was one of the best. That was fun, man.
And we were outside. Yeah, I would love to do it again.
Aaron, outside of Starburns, right here in the parking lot, had bought 100 million t-shirts
to bring on the bus. So we didn't have room for anything. Like there was no room for camera
equipment or anything. And Jason, the driver's like, fuck this, I quit. I'm going back to Arizona.
Like this is a nightmare. Like the beginning of that, I had made a prediction. And I think I
even said it on camera to you. It's like, there's no way we make all these shows. There's no way
we get to all these shows. It's wintertime. We're going to be on the East Coast. Sick.
And somehow Jason got us to every goddamn gig on time. Yeah.
He was a genius. Did you hit Snowstorms? Oh, yeah. Huh? Oh, yeah. Yeah, going to Colorado.
In Salt Lake City, we were up to our hips. Like it was, yeah. No, it was crazy. Like you, I mean,
it wouldn't have been a better movie if we didn't make it to some shows.
There are people in other parts of the globe that would, yeah, like, but short of like,
well, more so than the worst turbulence I've ever been in on a plane, but slightly less so
than like maybe the couple of times when I thought I was drowning. On that bus, I experienced like
moments where I was like, fuck, we're going to die. Because it wasn't really because it was
empirically, it was like, not as turbulent as the planes, but it was, it was the fact that there
was just no visual sense of what was happening. All we knew is that we were on this like road
and that the driver couldn't see and that it was all white outside and just like, just white.
And he was supposed to have chains on his tires, but didn't do it because it's bad for the bus,
which is illegal, but he still got us through. Well, if you watch the extended cut, it's in
the extended cut of Harmontown, there's shots where he is ripping down the highway and cars
are pulled over and you can hear other truckers going, oh, this guy's going way too fast. Yeah.
Here comes his bus. He was listening to that. That's what I loved about it. He was the Elon
Musk of drivers because he was listening to their chatter and they were going like,
what the hell's wrong with that guy? And he's like, because I'm not a slave to the revenue system.
I think it was like day two on the road because our first stop was Arizona, right?
Phoenix first or something like that. Phoenix, yeah. And he had just gotten to know us and
didn't like us all that much. And we had stopped at like a Walmart or something to get like supplies,
like to get like, you know, drinks and fruit and food and whatnot. And I came back onto the bus
and he didn't know that I was on the bus. He was walking around muttering to himself. He was fucking
savages, savages, savages. But that was kind of his bit. I sat down and go, oh, you Hunter S.
Thompson fan? Because that's a word that Hunter always uses. He goes, yeah. And we sat down and
we talked and we became friends. And gradually he loved us. Yeah. But he pretended that he hated
our guts. Also, he was armed to the fucking teeth. He had an arsenal of firepower on that thing.
What? Oh, yeah. Like a lot of truck, a lot of bus drivers do, they have lots of weapons to like
save the day. He had guns. People see that movie and they always ask me like, was that a rough
time? Was that hard? Because they see some of the shots where we're in the room having some,
you know, dark, intense conversations. And I always say, no, man, that was a lot of fun.
It was a ball. It's to eat and drink and wake up in a new town every day. Apparently when I left,
because I left when you guys were in Denver and somewhere else. You left, yeah. I had to go
like to paying gigs and came back and the crew looked at me and like, oh boy. I'm like Aaron
and Dan have been going at it. Apparently you guys had had a real bang up, like drunken row on the
bus the night before. And they were like, we're happy you're back to kind of keep order.
We were too similar. I mean, I've been, I'm respectfully silent about our breakup,
because number one, it was mutual. It was amicable. And more importantly, number two,
like when Aaron and I, when I first started talking about how we got divorced, there was a
night at Meltdown where one of the interns came up to me and handed me a note from a young lady
in the audience. And it said, when I was a 10 years old, my parents divorced. And I had to choose
which of my parents to live with. And you know, I chose my father and had to listen to nothing,
but what a cunt my mother was for the next 20 years of my life. And it never, it never changed.
And I just want to thank you for having a divorce and respecting your ex-wife. And it was exactly
what I was thinking in my head when I was like, okay, this is it. And let's, you know, Aaron and
I spent our courtship and our marriage, Instagramming and talking and airing dirty laundry. And we
made a documentary and warts and all. And the whole thing was about transparency. It was, ironically,
it was about transparency of a couple of individuals who were so into transparency,
because we were both so meta, so performance oriented. Our entire relationship was,
it was like a boat made of water. It was like simultaneously like the best idea in the world
and the worst. It's like, you're already sinking. It's made of water. But no, it's like fucking
the best boat ever. There was, it was one in the same. We, she and I both were so meta and so it
was like in part in the documentary, like the reason why that added just even more twists
and pressure was because Aaron and I would sit and watch documentaries together. And Aaron was so
savvy, so smart, was such a, you know, a mentor to me as a feminist, you know, I'd listen to what
she would have to say about female characters and or real people in media and how they were being,
you know, betrayed, supported, attacked. And, you know, she went into that documentary going,
God damn it, I'm not going to be the documentary wife. I'm not going to be the documentary mother.
This is like, it's a very, very chiefly female role about in the documentary about exceptional
people. There's like a female threshold guardian that they're talking head is all about like,
well, Dan thinks he's special, but the truth is he needs to eat more
vitamins or whatever. And he's just like, want to throw your shoe at the TV and go, boo.
And, and, and she was like obsessed with, I'm not going to be that person. And the irony was,
you know, and then, and then add to that, my obsession was like, Oh, I'm not going to be,
I'm not going to be all these other people like that I have in my head.
Did Gilbert, like with his wife or friends and family of his with, with, with their relationships
that were like important to the Gilbert documentary?
His sister. Yeah. The sister who passed away a few weeks ago.
Oh, geez.
Um, yeah, that's a big, big part of the story. Not her passing away, but what her,
she has, she had cancer and-
Were they close?
Very. He, he, that's, again, I did, I knew nothing about the guy, but every day that he
wasn't working, he would do this like three mile walk to the Lower East Side to visit one sister
over the West Village to visit the other and then back home deeply, deeply devoted to his family.
That's great.
Incredibly.
And, and, and when they're together with the family, that does that, are they like,
cause there's people who are deeply devoted to family who are like, uh, they're just always
like yelling at each other. And then there's people who are like best friends.
Now there, there, the confrontations, not his thing. He, he's would never, you know,
I think if you came out of him, he would just cower. They talk about like seltzer and, you know,
news, what, you know, they don't, it's like most classic older generations.
Which I now understand because, uh, it, that, that's, like, it is in this tumultuous year
where my relationships with myself and everything, it's like, I, I, I just realized, oh, that's where
family is supposed to go. Is this spot between yourself, your friends, society, and then there's
this, it's your family, like, and it's supposed to be conversations about weather. It's, it's,
it's almost like, if you can just not hit each other and you just all recognize, I, I, I guess
I learned that from watching Cody and our family. Yeah. That, that.
Does that, does that affect like, I, I know about your relationship with your parents,
but as you get older and, you know, mature, do you, are you ever going to start reaching out and
communicating with them? Or is it just going to be something that just, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm always,
I mean, I don't have an acrimonious relationship with my family. I, I just, there's just no,
I just don't have the, what, what Cody has with her family and what I observe with other people
where you have a, you have a, it's like the default is connection. And if there is no connection,
something's wrong. Which to me, that I'm looking at that as an abnormal person and saying, that's
normal. That should be normal. Is she, is she, is her family hugged? I love you. Are they,
you know, we say, yeah, my family, but, and it's like weird because I'm like a bread from the same
family, but it's like, I, I wouldn't have it any other way, but let's get, you know, it's like,
and then you're going to go like, yeah, it's like, that's why we like, I think those myths about
like the Adams family or like misfit, you know, like when you, when you lock into like a, oh,
this family, they're kind of like, they do things differently. Like they're not like that,
that white bread family that like does things by rote, but like, but it's like, we love,
we fetishize those like outlaw families and things because they, they, they, they, oh,
they're so different and they're so weird and they're so, they have such a different way of
expressing it, but the default, everybody kind of agrees, every primate agrees and they're fiber
that like, yeah, but if you don't have unconditional kind of like a connection. And so that involves
ritual and tradition and stuff. But I think that my family, like, I think when we were trying to
engage in tradition and ritual, we were so ulcerated about it. Like, like, like, like we, and that my
parents actually had a triumph while I was growing up of, of, of going, you know what, we don't have
to do things this way and that way. And for them, they had to realize that family didn't have to
be this thing about rules and stuff. Because if they, and then, but then the, and that was good,
but I'm babbling. But I was going to ask, so with our thing, it was like a big threat that, well,
we're getting to the end of the tour. This movie's obviously going to span the tour. So where's the
story? Where's the story? And that's why it was a great thing in post for Aaron to say, like,
make it about Spencer, we're like, oh, shit, you can make it about Spencer, he just goes on the
tour, and then you're done. You got a story. Your, your two other documentaries, you're going to the
person's house, you can theoretically just keep going there forever as long as you want. Yeah.
So I guess my question to you is, like, is there, is there a, is there a point where you go, I got
it in that case? Yeah, well, in this one, yeah, there was like his sister was really like, okay,
I see there, there's no like, he's not doing, he doesn't do anything. He's not writing an act,
he's not doing one men's show. So there's no like thing to watch. He's not trying to get a star in
the Hollywood Walk of Fame. There was an Adam West documentary. It's like, you want to hook into some
kind of goal. Yeah, yeah. So he's not doing that, but there was a moment where his sister let me
capture something that he's very much a part of. And that kind of tied it all. And I felt like,
okay, that's, that's where we see him rise up. Because we hear about the Aflac thing and him
screwing that up and getting his job. And then we go through this whole talk about comedy's role
in society and too soon and all that. And then we see the result of that the way he deals with that.
But yeah, there was a moment where I was like, okay, that's where I think we can, we can tie
this up. But yeah, you could, I could still be shooting right now. Like you could shoot forever.
Do you, do you have something else? Like, are you the kind of person that has
three other people that you want to go document or?
Yeah, I'm, there's a few that I'm, yeah, yeah. I mean, if you did an interview with Piscopo,
I'm sure when he walked out, you're like, Jesus Christ, sequel.
Kind of a million questions. Interesting guy. No, I do have a, I mean,
I really do have a lot of questions for him. Cause it's like,
Dan and I talked, like I love that writer's room idea. Like that's, that fascinates me.
I'm obsessed with that. But I just don't think that all, yeah, like I said, it's like,
I was just telling him like, you got to just, I mean, yeah, just, just like, when can we just,
just cover a writer's room for a season of television from that would be fantastic.
When we came back, like Rick and Morty was in full swing and I met Justin and Rob was here
and Dino and I was like, Hey, Dan, um, maybe we should get cameras on this. Cause these people
are really interesting. There's also like, uh, I do a lot of shows like a theaters, you know,
the performing arts centers and theaters around the country and Canada and other places. And
uh, you talk to the stage managers there that have been there a long time and all the stories
they have, it's really fantastic. I just always ask like, who is just here? And they go, well,
Andrew Dice Clay was here and that was a little interesting. And they tell you the stories. It's
so like, like, like you, you get to know a little bit about Andrew Dice Clay, but how fucked up
he was before the show. Pete on the back wall was disappeared for a while. No one knew where he
the fuck he was and then walked out and killed. Like I was completely blacked out and then just
went out there and destroyed. Then after the show, dead, you know, just like, like, like inoperable,
carry him back onto the bus. So interesting. Cause if you're that person's doctor and you go like,
okay, so it looks like you're incredibly miserable. Um, right before you go on stage and do this
character that you've been doing for 40 years and then you go back to being miserable. Have you
considered? But this is, that's easy for me to say because I'm not a standup. I don't have the
discipline like, you know, like, like, which is going to be a dying craft. Thanks to assholes like
me in this technology where it's like, I just want a guy I can relate to. And it's like, well,
then how will you ever become a Gilbert Godfrey? How will you ever become? Does Gilbert have like
Patton Oswalt? Any depression? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, these get that, that classic thing that a
lot of celebrities have of this is all going to go away someday. Like this could be gone tomorrow.
The phone could stop ringing. He talks about that in the movie. A lot of standups. I know
a lot of like really successful comedians have a certain degree of depression that like there's
there's a real, I think, I think happiness makes him depressed. Right? That's, that's a very,
Dino and I talk about that all the time. Like we, we consume our happiness through sadness,
which if you're a biology student, it makes a lot more sense. It doesn't sound as paradoxical
because that's what digestion is. You get, you take things in from the outside world and you,
you use like catalyzing enzymes to subvert them, change them and you make them into something
that you can then draw energy from and like Dino and I are like cynics. So if there's a reason
to be happy, like for instance, hey, our movies nominated for an Oscar, you know, we're not going
to just, we can't just take that form of energy and translate it into something that powers us.
We have to pour booze or jokes or self-loathing or self-destruction on that so we can like suck
it up like Brundlefly into our system, you know, like, and I, and I do, but, but for that reason,
I do find that like people think that I'm more fucked up than I feel, but I think that people
perceive me as less happy than I am because if I'm happy, you'll know because I'm listening to
M83 and like, like, like sound like I'm about to blow my brains out. But it's like, because
that's when I'm like, I'm Tony Stark, what's there left to do but be Bruce Wayne? You know,
I'm going to like look out the window at Gotham and like drink a drink and be like, fuck this world.
The times that I've, that I look back on our friendship, Dan, is of like the times I thought
of you as you're kind of your most open and happy weren't the times where you were totally on top
of the world. Like you are happy now because like things are going well and you are happy, but
when we were really struggling and confused and didn't know where like where we were going or what
was going to happen, like there was like a free fall like feeling of like joy in that.
There was for some of that, but then when you were successful and I wasn't, you know, I remember
you saying to me, we got in a fight and an instant message and something that you said that stuck
with me because I was like, he's right. It was like, or not right, but right or wrong when I was
like, listen to this, take this in that you said like, I don't even, I'm starting to tell you
less about my successes because I don't want to hear you have to choke out a congratulations,
which was like, you know, I've observed that and other people, it was like,
that's important to note, you know, because I also, now that I'm in my 40s, I'm like,
ah man, when we were in our 20s and we were broke, we were so happy. Yeah, but then one of your 20
year old, we were happy in each other's arms spiraling down a drain of eternity.
Well, we needed friendship to survive and so that felt like joy because we would hug and cry.
Friendship is more intense and a lot easier when there's no money changing hands. That's
what it is. Friendship, family, that makes you happy and so when you're broke, like you have a
much easier chance of having like really strong friendships and really like-
Well, because we needed each other to make it. Like, you were paying my bills and then I was
paying your bills and then you were paying my bills. Yeah, and if we had it all to do over again,
we might go, maybe it's not about making it. Maybe we nailed it with the friendship.
Anyways, but I did want to say, well, I wanted to ask one thing, which was that because,
well, that's something that really annoys me at the TCAs or whatever when people ask.
As a person who's famous for putting his foot in his mouth and saying fucked up things and like,
Gilbert's got the whole too soon experience and the Affleck firing all this stuff, like,
I hate it when people ask me this, but I am curious about it with Gilbert.
Are there any regrets? Like, would you do it different? Does he address that in the movie?
Do you ask him that in the movie? Like, would you go back and like,
he's famous for that moment in the roast where he does the first 9-11 joke on like 9-12?
The closest we get to addressing that is that that Affleck thing only made him more popular.
You know, he said nothing, but he would say- It certainly put him on the right side of
comedic history. Yeah, yeah. Nothing he's ever done has hurt him that bad and most of the things
he's done has propelled him. Like, you know, Jeff Ross says at the end of the movie, you know,
he sells out. He's more popular than ever. He's gigging all the time. You know, so yeah.
That's fantastic here. Yeah, because that's what I always say to those people. I'm like,
I don't know. I don't have anything to compare it to. I run my mouth. I burn my bridges.
I fucking, but here I am. I'm very happy. Like, I don't regret anything. I don't want to go back
in time and like say the perfect thing to the New York Times in that one interview. I'm sorry,
I made that one joke. I'm sorry that that offended people, but like- I think that the biggest thing
you and Wayne and Gilbert have in common and people like you is that you're going to do it,
but you don't think about the money or the success or the failure. You do this thing,
you put it out there, whether it works or not. Like, I think, but I think everyone wants to
be like that. Everyone wants to, everyone we love just not push people around and be a
raging maniac, but just people would like to do whatever they want to do that day.
Yeah. To find out, like, that's what's great about documentaries, especially, like, I mean,
all film, or all good film, is that there's permission to be strange, permission to be odd
and flawed, and there's like a liberating feeling when you watch that. Like, to know that, like,
yeah, you can be sad and still be funny, and you can be lonely and still be happy occasionally,
and you can, you know, you can make it and feel like a failure.
Yeah. So can you, can you, we don't all get to have a moment in our lives captured in an hour
and a half movie. Can you watch that objectively and see a different person and can feel different
now, or can you- I don't know, well, I haven't watched it. I can't-
I mean, like, do you feel, because you had a lot going on then, like, personally and
professionally, a lot going on now, but do you feel like a happier person or a-
Definitely happier, yeah. Well, that's really weird, but I don't want to say, like, I saw a kid,
like, I call everybody kids, but like, there was a kid that made a YouTube video, I don't know how
I ended up here, because I can't Google myself anymore, but I wound up on some YouTube video,
and it was like, I don't know, something like Dan Harmon, it didn't say Dan Harmon's a piece of
garbage, and here's why, so I bothered to click on it, but it was something like Dan Harmon
and the meta narrative or something like that, and it was, it was a guy who was talking about how
he has been following my career since the beginning, and he was using clips of all work from
community, and Rick and Morty, and the acceptable TV, and the movie, and he was explaining that,
you know, just these sort of like weird things about how, like, I don't even know how to say it.
Watching that YouTube video, which included so much of the documentary, which it was a tool that
that guy used to put together a thesis that wasn't about how cool I was, but that was about how
cool he was allowed to be, like how he was learning from me that storytelling, that fucking up,
succeeding, famous, rich, self-destructive, failure, impoverished, like, death, life, like,
like, who gives a fuck, like, like, shove them all in a thing, you're not going to get to manage
your image, and, like, the guy was, like, clearly drawing some permission from that to do what he
wanted to do, and I was exceptionally happy in that moment that we made this movie, even though
we haven't made a goddamn dime off of it. How, like... Wait, no, nobody ever made money off of it?
No! We had a million t-shirts. I don't understand. I was, the reason we made that movie, to be
perfectly frank is because I was watching on Apple TV, there'd just be documentaries every week
and come up and go, I'd be like, I went backpacking across Iraq, and I sure made some new friends,
and I'd be like, this motherfucker's rich right now, and I'm not. It was the Craigslist movie,
you can't bring another movie like this guy. I thought I'd use Craigslist to Craig some lists,
this documentary's called Craig Liston. You know what we should do, guys, and I'm only,
no, I'm not joking, we, let's do the European tour, and then it's the Steve Levy story, like,
like, we have to... But just so you know, I mean, but we have to agree, we're not doing it for money.
No! Like, yeah, no, that's what I understand. No, you're gonna lose 100 grand on the tour bus.
Fantastic, like, a good 45th birthday present to myself. Let's do that again. I mean, would that,
and be honest, like, is there any angle that makes you as a filmmaker want to go do that?
Or just to go hang out? I think it'd be fun, it'd be great. Like, some of the choices we made,
like, we brought every, like, remember we brought rolls of green screen, like, we, oh, we thought, we had no idea.
We had those ear cameras, we had those ear cameras that we thought we were gonna wear these all the time.
We wore those twice, and... However, like, we got, you know, I mean, like, yeah.
One of you in the bathroom on the bus is really good. Yeah, you cast a wide net and I'm wearing a
fucking lipstick cam on my ear in a drunken blackout. And the entire time he's editing the thing,
I'm like, I got, I got that ear cam at home. Yeah. I got that thumb drive and I was like, I would,
I would be like, I still got it. It's like, I was like so torn. I'm like, God damn it,
your movie doesn't have this moment. And I think it's on my ear cam because I woke up with it on
my ear and a solo cup in my hand. Well, there also is a thing that, like, I don't do drugs,
I don't do coke anymore, but apparently the last time I did it was caught on audio,
that there was audio of me. Can we tell that story? I, fuck yeah, I don't care. I don't do it
anymore, so we can talk about the past. But the last time I did it was on that tour. Yeah. And I
had a little bit left with me. There's two parts of that story, though. Okay. There's me hearing
about it and then me telling Dan, the first part is I was called in the edit bay and they go,
hey, we don't know what to do with this, but there's no picture, it's just audio. Anyway,
here he goes. And it was, it was, don't stop believing. It was a super, it was a power mix
of like five cities in a row. I was like, the formula didn't waver. He doesn't know anyone's
listening. It's just a small town girl. We were wearing microphones the entire time. I could
go to the bathroom. No one's listening. And there was a, there was a, come on down to Harmontown.
And then I came in and told Dan, I said, yeah. And he goes, when, when was this? And I said,
Brooklyn. He goes, you go, that motherfucker. I asked him every night he had any. I had some
all the way to Brooklyn. I had some at the very beginning and then I found the rest of it at
the end, I think. That's why Coke's no good kids. Like go get a prescription to Adderall.
Like Coke. I stopped doing Coke when I got my Adderall prescription. I, and I, I also stopped
lying to my friends, you know, like, and stopped, and stopped like putting myself in situations
where I might get pistol whipped. But the best was it was the singing between
No, that's the thing is like, you would fall in love with Jeff as a character and a sick guy,
because it was like so faithful. The bathroom door hinges and then a classic, a standard,
being flawlessly intoned and then a tap and then a between just between two.
I admire your sensitivity because you asked me and said, Hey, we're not going to ever show this.
We're not going to use it in the film. Like you want me to destroy. There's only four people
know about it. I'm like, yeah, let's, let's just leave that. But time has passed when we can talk
about that. That, that trip was so fun. I want to find a reason to do that any other time again.
You do it all the time, but there is, you mentioned it once. There is that feeling,
like you do feel like a rock band walking into these clubs with your cameras. You know, it's,
it is like a tour bus getting on and off those buses. Well, I tend to process everything through
negativity and regret instead of just going, Oh, that was so fun. But it's like the most enthusiastic
thing I can say about the idea of doing that again is God damn it. I was wasting it on me
because I watched the documentary and I'm like, Motherfucker, CBS don't give a shit about your
script. It ain't never going to be on CBS. You weren't writing it. Well, I was trying,
but it was like, it was like, don't like just have fun. There was that beautiful moment when
Aaron was helping you with it. When you and Aaron like, like actually were working together,
that was a really beautiful like relationship moment. There are people right now waiting
for work for me that it's like, it's like, come on, this is just part of the like, like fuck,
like, like my definition of when I was unacceptably over a deadline was as dumb as my decision to take
those jobs and as dumb as my decision to not have the time of my life in on this bus. The question
would be, am I the kind of person that just can't have fun? You know, can I not go, Jesus Christ,
I'm on a tour bus. This rules. This is so fun. Well, I think that it goes back to that, that,
that stress of happiness. You find a way to screw that up maybe. It's, it's like, well, it's like,
but I've been in therapy since then, which is something that I swore against back, you know,
in those days, I was somebody that was famous for my rants about how therapy's not worth it.
And I've been in therapy since, and one of the things I've been unpacking is the fact, is the,
the possibility of being addicted to stress and misery and stuff. And because it's your comfort
zone, because comfort's different from happiness. And you're just like, Oh, I know, I know what to
do. I'll be overworked. I'll have a, I'll have a deadline. I'll, I'll, I'll have shit to do. And
I do think what's changed because ask anybody that's waiting for work for me right now, I'm not under
that stress, much to their sugar. And they're going to get their money back. I'm like, I've now
entered this like new age, I think where I'm like, fuck work, like it's the dumbest, and it will not
prove that you're a good person, and it will not make you happy. And so, but you're, you're, I mean,
tell me if I'm wrong, your, your work is a huge part of like your identity. Yeah, no shit. And
that's, and that is both like, I'm not going to say that's the problem. Because if I like, like,
that's not good. Like, like that's because that doesn't last. But if your work is your identity,
guess what? Yeah, then you stop existing. But then it's, but I mean, why do I like,
why should I believe that you're ever going to stop doing that? I think like, that's, that's,
that's what you love. You love you love creating things you love getting unconditional love from
strangers because you made a good thing. I think the thing that'll change is just I think the thing
that is changing now is that is that Rick and Morty, quite frankly, if I can open source my career
here for a second, Rick and Morty was always a wonderful, amazing, incredible, fun thing to
execute. That was always about half of my overhead of living my price of freedom, the price that I
have to pay my masters in order to eat shit, fuck, jerk off, watch, sleep, blah, blah, blah,
whenever I want in whatever quantity I want, pick up the tab when I go to dinner, fly first class,
wherever I go, say yes to any time anyone says come here, fly here. There's a, there's a, there's
a nut on that as they say in grody boiler room language, there's an overhead. It's a little
over half a million dollars a year. Rick and Morty for the duration of my contract was like
generating around half of that. So I had to like number one, I couldn't just do Rick and Morty,
number two, I had to always dread Rick and Morty going the route of community,
because Rick and Morty started as an exit strategy from community. So now everything
that's changed is like, Rick and Morty, it's not going to stay this like incredible like holy
shit, what's this show, everyone wants to talk about it to the point where variety is printing
headlines, sadly awkwardly trying to link us to Harvey Weinstein. That's like, I mean, that's
when you know you've really succeeded when there's like clickbait headlines that are like,
what does Harvey Weinstein have to do with Beavis and Butthead? Like that's when you know
you're Beavis and Butthead. The answer is nothing except fucking clicks. So this is a show with
momentum. This is a show that I could, I can settle into and I can pay myself to actually do.
And that's a huge difference from when you knew me and from the last, that's the thing that's
changed is that I can actually go, Oh, I don't think Turner's going to go out of business. I don't
and so unless the world just literally like collapses, and if it does, then who cares?
Like, I now can see that I can have one job. And that's that's never been the case since I was 11.
That's great. Well, that now get fired from it so we can make another documentary with Neil
Berkeley. No, I want to do the documentary where I'm happy. All right. Thank you, everybody.
It's been our Harmontown. Steve, Steve Levy. We didn't even play Dungeons and Dragons. We don't
have Spencer. There's no Spencer tonight. Neil Berkeley. Everybody. Thank you, Neil. And check
out his movie Gilbert. If you're not a Gilbert Gilbert Godfried fan already, you will be afterwards.
And if not, go YouTube the hell out of him. He's one of my comedic heroes of all time.
I was always looking at I was looking at the thing. It said 113. Isn't that
it? Doesn't that mean that we've done less than we've done seven minutes less than two hours?
Yeah, but you know, okay, there's no Spencer. Let's thank Church and Nolan and Chris and
Sarah and Brendan up there doing everything for us. I like it here in the booth. It's comfortable.
Yeah. Who's that guy on Twitter that did the fuck your mama rap? Did you hear that thing?
No, no. Church, who's that guy? Anybody know the guy's name on YouTube on YouTube?
Holy smokes. There's somebody. If you go to my tweets and my retweets, there's a cat that did
a giant fuck your mama rap that is so good. Can we find it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on. Yeah,
if we can pull that. Well, don't make me jealous. No, no, it's you're going to be jealous. Should
I open for him? Can I warm up? Let me see if I can find it. Yo, yo, yeah, you open. Yo, yo,
yo, drop a beat. I'm a foot. I saw your mama in the mall. I fucked her like a pack of Paul
walls. I saw your mama. She was in the mall. I saw her pussy and I said, that's it, y'all. I climbed
up and I went in her womb. I saw your mama in a tomb. I went to New Orleans. It got flooded. I
saw your mama and said, what did that do to me? And she said, it gave you pee. And I said,
it gave you pee. I need more than pee. And she said, well, I'll teach you the ABCs. And she said,
A stands for, ah, B stands for, fuck, I couldn't, I couldn't, I thought that was, I thought that
was going to go somewhere. All right, yo, Neil Berkeley's mama was born in a titty, New York
city. Born in a titty. Came out the nipple said, it's me, my son's going to make documentaries.
So he grabbed a camera, followed her around, and he only had picture. No sound. That's called
MOS, and it's from Otto Preminger, I think. No? All right. Yo, if you're a film major, what's up?
Where'd your degree get you? What's up? I dropped out of Arquette. And now I have more money than
Patricia Arquette. We don't know that. We don't know that. That's unverifiable. No one's going to
argue with it, though. It's verifiable. We can find out right now. Patricia Arquette is a wealthy
woman. I saw your mama. Okay, right. I can't rhyme that. Okay. All right. There we go. Yo.
I'm not thinking of rhymes right now. I'm just waiting for a time to like, okay.
Church or somebody out there. I can't find the link to that. Your mom was a sandwich.
I should have ham and cheese, and I got to hand it to her. She'd have a side of pickles.
I fuck your mom so hard, she got fickle about it, said maybe I want it, maybe I don't. I said,
well, it needs to be consensual, so I will wait for your answer. I found it. I'm your private dancer,
so come in, and I gave her the time of her life. All right. I'm going to unplug out of my thing
and go into my phone. Wait, no, shit. I don't have the phone thing. Doesn't have the phone thing.
What do you mean? You can unplug your iPad and... No, but I don't have the jack because I got the
new phone. Oh, send me the link. Send me the link. I'll do it. Okay. The guy's name is Rob Tanchum.
There's a fucking story I have to tell about Cody that like, it's got to wait till next week.
But that's good that we have a backlog of material.
But can we also do, Jeff, is that if you're going to have, if you have the ability to play
live, can you find like a new age kind of like Starfield, like hypnotic thing? Let's do like
improvised hypnosis tapes for people. Are we allowed to play this on the show? Let's do it.
You want to give me the... Yeah, here's the jack. Let's just do this and get out of here because
we're going wrong. All right. We're not going... I mean, it's, you know, we're not going like looped
around. I got karaoke to do and for an uprooted drink. Yeah. I miss my girlfriend. I've been out
of town. Okay. This guy... Yo, yo, yo. Yo, this one goes down to Harmontown and all my car... This is amazing. Listen closely. I'm about to offer up a comprehensive account of all the mamas I fuck. The compilation of my copulation with the mama population from atop the college tower through the bottom of the basement. It's a common conversation far as I'm concerned because I fucked every mama everywhere around the world from
Manhattan to Pakistan and then back again, except a handful of nations impacted by the travel ban.
Fuck your mama on my own private island. Took a private jet. Got a wet with my privacy.
Fuck your mama in the middle of the ocean in the belly of the whale.
Scream all over both tips. I fucked your mama. Then she gave me a promotion. She's promoted from within because my dick is in the
out there. Yeah, I fucked your mama. Yo, I'm sleeping with her, but she didn't bring pajamas though because she sleeps in the
buff with the teeth from a nustin. I stopped your mama like she was an envelope. I fucked your mama on the pile of the everstand. Don't need to lick it even because your mama's
hella damn. But obviously I go down on her. Then I go to town on her. Then I fucked the rest of the town because I'm the mama champ.
I got a mama fucking fetish. I'll say much to me. These mamas on her better lettuce. I eat your mama's pussy because she said I had to finish that before I ate dessert.
You know how mamas be getting overprotected. I fucked your mama at the dentist. She took me for a clean and put my penis in her then split.
I fucked your mama on the court after a game of tennis. But she needed an abortion. So I took your mama to the clinic and I fucked her then.
Your mama sucked my jacuda hole in my underwear. I said your mama because as far as names go, I'm underwear. What's your mama's name is? This is a mama dating. It's purely mama. Fuck you, Lana. Know me, mama basis.
I fucked your mama. Why? Because no one told me not to now. I run a mama brotha. All for me. They always offerin' to make wafer. I fucked a billion ladies who have raised children lately.
I forget the feeling. I've become a soulless mama fucking villain. Huh, strange. I feel nothing. I fucked your mama then I busted on her stomach. A couple months ago this was a rush but something changed. I've adjusted now my pulse is barely budging. I fucked your mama on the dragon in the dungeon. Your mama loved it but for me it wasn't fun. It's time to dust it.
This is the hero's repercussion but so the ultimate boom. But lo and behold, got multiple booms. Suddenly it's joyless. It feels pointless. Nevertheless, I fucked your mama on the toilet. I fucked your mama in a pond filled with koi fish. I fucked your mama with the end of Dominic's poison.
Wait, is it fading out? Yeah, it's a booth fade. Rob Tanchum, R-O-B-T-A-N-C-H-U-M. He just booth faded out because he's got nine more minutes of it. Well, because he could just keep going forever. He's like a tapioca pudding. I fucked your mama in Afghanistan, then back again, and a couple countries impacted by the travel ban.
I'm very self-aware at the end there. No, at the end, that's what I thought at the end. He lost his joy. It got joyless, pointless, and I fucked your mama on the toilet. He's like, he doesn't even know.
Alright, that's been Harmontown. We're going to booth fade out. Thank you so much, Neil Berkeley. Let's find that guy and bring him in.
Oh yeah, that's gorgeous shit, Rob. Thank you for that. We love you all.
That was great, it's joyless.
Did you get any of that? It's a good show!